feat(components): [mention] add `whole-remove` event (#21050)
element-plus/element-plus: docs/en-US/component/mention.md

### Events

| Name                              | Description                                                                                 | Type                                                         |
| --------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| search                            | trigger when prefix hit                                                                     | ^[Function]`(pattern: string, prefix: string) => void`       |
| select                            | trigger when user select the option                                                         | ^[Function]`(option: MentionOption, prefix: string) => void` |

> | whole-remove                      | trigger when a whole mention is removed and `whole` is `true` or `check-is-whole` is `true` | ^[Function]`(option: MentionOption, prefix: string) => void` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| whole-remove ^(2.10.4)            | trigger when a whole mention is removed and `whole` is `true` or `check-is-whole` is `true` | ^[Function]`(pattern: string, prefix: string) => void` |
```

Author: done
